Describe differences of Alonzo with Conway (#1089)
IntersectMBO/formal-ledger-specifications: build-tools/static/md/mkdocs/docs/EarlierEras.md

Shelley assumes the transaction is valid

The use of rule `DELEGS`{.AgdaDatatype} was removed in the Conway era.

> A use of rule `CERTS`{.AgdaDatatype} was added in Conway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DELEGS`{.AgdaDatatype} rule was removed in the Conway era.

The `CERTS`{.AgdaDatatype} rule was added in Conway.
```

The use of the `PPUP`{.AgdaDataype} rule was removed in Conway, superseded by
the new governance mechanism [[link]][conway-cip].

### Changes to Alonzo

We describe changes to the specification [VK21](#alonzo-ledger-spec) by rule type.

#### `UTXOS`{.AgdaDatatype} (Figure 9)

The constants `EI`{.AgdaBound} and `SysSt`{.AgdaBound} are not declared within the ledger specification. Instead,

> any abstract functions that require these constants must obtain them from the surrounding state modeled beyond the ledger specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any abstract functions that require these constants must obtain them from the surrounding state, modeled outside the ledger specification.
```
